she's your with no no no yes she
survived it boggles my mind according to
the test i ran on their protection at
all it's magnificent like ugly sir if I
may I went to run some more tests on
pervert I take a few temples of proposal
for further analysis I can't then why
not gonna jump you look huh use it I
want to apply for dreams you've everyone
Batman what the bus goes out immediately
sir yes get rid of them you have a thumb
tack on communal why works we can all
take any risk keeping Lala you will
become attached it was so low this isn't
umbrella speaking about that the kingdom
drew is able to face elite that viral
outbreak
eastern sector of the lab so the new no
worries a semi usually won't let that
happen any game no no what's this
procedure had that big business recently
as usual the transform your little
report back to me what everything is
easiest it is a shame it feel good look
good or the other way just like a major
job dominant creatures you don't don't
don't like the little needy is life
that's the second one
that's about half of it I'm not normal
form of me doc dr. Mueller and I leave
all of this thing looks like with money
alone just you know so they wish to have
you given like yesterday's garbage I've
kept their friends with you here you're
irritated he deserve to live and you
shall to tension from Bravo it won't be
long before the big event I please yet
again i won't allow them to destroy such
community access we won't remember all
this
or now
attention all personnel
you
Oh
after escaping that underground
laboratory with my life still intact I
felt the shattered pieces of my memories
gradually returned I cannot bear the
heading away to since then I've
committed by contributing the god awful
experience produced by ambra or the fact
that I was one so blindly working for
them instead of escaping I by myself
returning back to town being propelled
by some force and continue forward RAK
Kuen University there's no turning back
now I know that they will finally come
you